Satsuki
Shh, let me enjoy a hero saving beauty
Zhao Zixuan, don't mess around
Mr. Xu, I'm sorry for you
I implicated you
I have sent the file to Mr. Huang
Don't worry about me, let the company go public first
You go, you go
You went
I can't save this beauty's life.
Zhao Zixuan, what do you want?
I just can't stand your complacent look
Hurry up Mr. Xu
Tell me about it.
How can you let him go?
Hahaha, isn't that obvious enough?
Just can't let your company go public
No, no, no, I promise you, that's right
Li Xiaoyue didn't expect you to be in his heart
Status is so important
Xu Tao, it's the last time soon.
Is the company not going public?
No, it's alright.
Wait a minute
Wait a minute and I'll return this beauty director to you
The mission of a listed company in one month failed
Lose rewards and withdraw all special rewards
Countdown to life
Congratulations, your task has been completed.
Get a reward and be invisible for an hour a day
Hahaha Xu Tao
Do you have today too?
Your invisibility is mine
What you
You'll never have a chance to beat me again
I'm a man of my word.
This beauty director will be returned to you.
But take all your luck
Others, I'll let you go today.
It's to torture you slowly in the future
You live in fear
Hahahahahaha